Add content for registry resource update option (#1121)
wso2/docs-mi: en/docs/develop/creating-artifacts/creating-registry-resources.md

    <td>Specify where the registry resource should be saved at the time of deployment.</td>
  </tr>
</table>

> ## Editing a Registry Resource

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Edit a registry resource
```

> There may be instances where you need to change the details you entered such as media type, properties, etc. for a registry resource. You can edit such information using the **Edit Registry Metadata** option. To open this edit view, go to the **Registry Explorer** and click on the pen icon of the resource that needs to be updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There may be instances where you need to change the details you entered such as media type, properties, or other information for a registry resource. You can edit such information using the **Edit Registry Metadata** option. To open this edit view, go to the **Registry Explorer** and click on the pen icon of the resource that needs to be updated.
```
